feat(Maintenance Windows): Add skipMaintenanceWindows to Kyma Spec (#2139)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/resources/01-kyma.md

## Configuration

### **.spec.skipMaintenanceWindows**

> The skipMaintenanceWindows is used to indicate whether the module upgrades that require downtime should bypass the defined Maintenance Windows. If it is set to true, the module upgrade will happen as soon as there is a new module version in the Kyma Control Plane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **skipMaintenanceWindows** parameter to indicate whether the module upgrades that require downtime should bypass the defined Maintenance Windows. If it is set to `true`, the module upgrade will happen as soon as a new module version is released in the Kyma Control Plane. 
```
